[Music]
do you know why the Phoenix sits on the
right hand at the Opera
she is his guardian his protector does
she's both beautiful and strong your job
is to bring honor to the family do you
think you can do that
citizens we are under attack from
northern invaders their leader calls
himself Oricon fights alongside of which
no survivors
by eating of his Imperial Majesty every
family must contribute one love to fight
a few no son I am blessed with two
daughters I will fight
we must be strong
this time he will not return loyal brave
and true just my duty to protect my
family
[Music]
ancestors please protect her
what is your name soldier partying come
in here son of haja
we're gonna make men out of every single
one of them
lose again
the spirits is evident
as something whole it's you back
when they find out who you are they will
show you no mercy
[Music]
I'm Hamelin I will bring honor to us all